Update HTTP Cache Partitioning article (#9075)
google/WebFundamentals: src/content/en/updates/2020/10/http-cache-partitioning.md

## FAQs

### Is it already enabled on my Chrome? How can I check?

> The feature is being rolled out through late 2020. To check whether your Chrome instance is
> already in effect, follow the instructions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature is being rolled out through late 2020. To check whether your Chrome instance
already supports it:
```

1. Open `chrome://net-export/` and press **Start Logging to Disk**.
2. Specify where to save the log file on your computer.
3. Browse the web on Chrome for a minute.
4. Go back to `chrome://net-export/` and press **Stop Logging**.
5. Go to `https://netlog-viewer.appspot.com/#import`.

> 6. Press **Choose File** and pass the log file you saved.
> 7. You will see the output of the log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Press **Choose File** and pass the log file you saved. 

You will see the output of the log file.
```

Reviewer: The best practice is that steps only begin with a user action. Responses to steps are tacked at the end of the step. The result of the whole procedure is in a separate paragraph at the end.

On the same page, find `SplitCacheByNetworkIsolationKey`. If it is followed by

> `Experiment_[****]`, HTTP Cache Partitioning is enabled on your Chrome. If it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Experiment_[****]`, HTTP Cache partitioning is enabled on your Chrome. If it is
```

> followed by `Control_[****]` or `Default_[****]`, not enabled.

Reviewer 2: nit: "not enabled" to be replaced with "it is not enabled"

> followed by `Control_[****]` or `Default_[****]`, not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
followed by `Control_[****]` or `Default_[****]`, it is not enabled.
```

> ### How can I test HTTP Cache Partitioning on my Chrome?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I test HTTP Cache partitioning on my Chrome?
```

> To test HTTP Cache Partitioning on your Chrome, you need to launch Chrome with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test HTTP Cache partitioning on your Chrome, you need to launch Chrome with a
```

> command line flag `--enable-features=SplitCacheByNetworkIsolationKey`. Follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command line flag: `--enable-features=SplitCacheByNetworkIsolationKey`. Follow
```
